Introduction

In this generation the most played genre of video game is “ action-adventure game “. Action-
adventure game is a hybrid genre, a mixed element from an action game and an adventure game,
especially crucial elements like puzzles. Action-adventure require many of the same physical skills action
games, but also offer a storyline, numerous characters, an inventory system, dialogue, and other
features of adventure games. Action-adventure games normally include a combination of complex story
elements, which are displayed for players using audio and video. The story is heavily reliant upon the
player character’s movement, which triggers story events and thus affects the flow of the game. Some
examples of action-adventure games include The Legend of Zelda, God of War, and Tomb Raider series.

Medical games. In most of the games of this genre, the main goal is similar: to treat and cure the
patient as possible, whether it’s a cancer or something much more devastating. The most common
medical games are surgery simulators, and the environment is inside of the hospital. Also medical games
can give you some knowledge about medicals and give awareness and prevention to the users. Medical-
based games are quickly becoming favorites by medical students as their practicing of their field while
enjoying. Some examples of medical games include Amateur Surgeon, Two Point Hospital and Lifesigns:
Surgical Unit.

Internal Crisis is an action-adventure game that mixed-up by a medical game genre. Therefore,
you can experience an action and adventure feelings while you’re gaining some knowledge. There’s a
medical drug that have been invented by a mad scientist and that’s the character. The character can
explore to your organ, fight with the cancer cells, viruses, bacteria, help an infected cell, clean or
regenerate a damage part of the organ, and can fight alongside with the fighter and support cell. This
game has a mission or a task in order to unlock new stages and weapons. Also the character will give tips
to the users about awareness and prevention.

Related works
Hollow Knight is a Metroidvania game action adventure 2D perspective and hack and
slash game .
The game tells the story of a bug Knight on a quest to uncover the secrets of the long-
abandoned insect kingdom of Hallownest, whose haunting depths draw in the
adventurous and brave with promises of treasures and answers to ancient mysteries.
The bug knight needs to find and fight bosses to progress through the game, many
bosses do so by granting the player new abilities so they can access areas which were
unavailable to them before.
A sequel to the game, Hollow Knight: Silksong, is currently in development and is set to
be released on Microsoft Windows, Mac, Linux, and Nintendo Switch, with Team Cherry
stating that &quot;more platforms may happen in the future.&quot; Team Cherry had previously
planned this game as a piece of downloadable content. Kickstarter backers of Hollow
Knight will also receive  Silksong  for free when it is released. [1]

Major mayhem is a 2.5
Arcade cover shooter inspired by Time Crisis, Metal Slug and 80&#39;s action heros! He&#39;s
got an itchy trigger finger, some scratchy stubble, and a fondness for shooting dudes in
the face. Run and gun your way through gorgeous 3D environments as you embark on
a mission to rescue your kidnapped girlfriend from the Forces of Evil. Guns, grenades
and an assortment of other tools of destruction are at your disposal, and you&#39;ll need
every last one of &#39;em. So what are you waiting for, Major Mayhem? The future of the
Free World -- and your love life -- hangs in the balance. [2]

project objective
this study is a 2.5d game environment that give the player a knowledge about
the certain disease and help them educate while playing

scope and limitations

This study is about an organs that have diseases which compose of lungs , kidney,
and heart
Three stages will be made available to the player, stage one will the lungs that have 3 stages
stage two will be the kidney that have 3 stages as well stage 3 will be the heart that have 2
stages these stages can be accessed by player after solving the quest and killing the
monsters and bosses the player have three weapon sets ,inoculation, hoover, mayo scissors
a doctor will be prompt and will guide the player throughout the game, and will
also grant tips for the player
The player will control the character by using the keyboard and mouse to move and to attack
respectively. The game only supports Desktop Windows OS.